Below is a concise, step-by-step instruction for Dev AI to update the Caption Creator so that it follows Sandra’s “Becoming HER” storytelling framework (Hook → Before → Shift → Now → Takeaway → CTA), produces longer, richer copy, and still uses the existing tab layout (Captions & Hooks, Hashtags, Framework, Visuals). Make sure not to alter the UI—only replace the prompt logic and output parsing.

1. Locate and Update the Server-Side Prompt (in server/routes.ts):

Find the OpenAI call under the /api/caption-generator (or similar) route.

Replace the existing prompt template with one that explicitly instructs OpenAI to produce five distinct caption variations, each broken out into:

Hook (1–2 short, emotionally charged sentences, viral-worthy),

Before (visceral description of the user’s struggle),

Shift (what changed — the turning point),

The Now (where they are now),

Takeaway (relate it back to “HER”—the reader),

Call-to-Action (e.g. “Drop a 🔥 if…,” “Share to your future self,” etc.)

Example prompt structure (pseudo-JSON):

js
Kopier
Rediger
const prompt = `
  You are Sandra’s AI Copywriter. Use the user’s input (their personal story/context) to craft 5 unique Instagram captions. Each caption must strictly follow this 6-step “Becoming HER” storytelling framework:
  1) Hook: a short, viral-worthy line that grabs attention (1–2 sentences).  
  2) Before: describe the user’s struggle in rich, visceral detail.  
  3) Shift: explain the turning point—what changed in their life.  
  4) The Now: where they are today, after that shift.  
  5) Takeaway: a sentence that speaks directly to the reader (HER) and their own transformation.  
  6) Call-to-Action: a single-line prompt that encourages engagement (e.g., “Drop a 🔥 if you feel…,” “Share this with your future self”).  

  Requirements per caption:  
  • 120–200 characters total (excluding CTA).  
  • Include exactly 1-2 emojis (no more).  
  • Tone: everyday, simple, warm, and authentically Sandra (use signature emojis).  
  • Do NOT mention Sandra’s own story—use only the details from the user’s input.  

  Output format (for each of the 5 captions):  
  — CAPTION #1 —  
  Hook: …  
  Before: …  
  Shift: …  
  The Now: …  
  Takeaway: …  
  Call-to-Action: …  

  — CAPTION #2 —  
  Hook: …  
  Before: …  
  Shift: …  
  The Now: …  
  Takeaway: …  
  Call-to-Action: …  

  (and so on up to #5).  

  If the user’s input is fewer than 10 meaningful words, respond with: “Please provide more detail about your own story before I can craft a powerful caption.”  
`;
Ensure the environment variable OPENAI_API_KEY is used (no hardcoded token).

Update the JSON-parsing logic so the server splits out “Hook” vs. the rest. You only need to return the entire block for each caption; the front end can parse by the labels (“Hook:”, “Before:”, etc.).

2. Adjust the Front-End Component (CaptionCreator.tsx):

In CaptionCreator.tsx, locate the code that reads the server response (currently expecting a flat list of short captions and hooks).

Update it to parse each block (split on “— CAPTION #” markers) and store an array of objects with properties:
{ hook, before, shift, now, takeaway, cta }.

Under the “Captions & Hooks” tab:

For each of the 5 generated items, display:

vbnet
Kopier
Rediger
Hook: [hook text]
Caption: [“Before. Shift. The Now. Takeaway. CTA.” concatenated or shown inline]
Keep the existing “Copy” icon next to each so users can copy the full caption (all six lines, including the CTA).

Under the “Framework” tab:

For each of the 5 results, output a small box that clearly labels each of the six steps in order (one line each). For example:

pgsql
Kopier
Rediger
– Hook 1: “Hook text…”  
– Before 1: “Before text…”  
– Shift 1: “Shift text…”  
– The Now 1: “The Now text…”  
– Takeaway 1: “Takeaway text…”  
– CTA 1: “Call-to-Action text…”
Repeat for captions #2–#5.

Keep the “Hashtags” and “Visuals” tabs unchanged—they already function.

Ensure the “Generate” button is disabled unless the user has entered at least 10 characters in the “Selfie context” textarea.

Preserve all styling (Prata font, black backgrounds, white text) exactly as is.

3. Update Validation & Error Handling:

If the server returns "Please provide more detail about your own story…”, show that message in place of the tabs and disable “Copy”/“Save to Calendar” until the user adds more text.

Keep the existing loading spinner or “Generating…” indicator while awaiting OpenAI.

4. Quick Smoke Test:

Enter a detailed scenario (e.g. “I just quit my 9-to-5 paramedic job to launch my handmade candle line—every day feels scary but I’m owning my creativity.”).

Click “Generate.” Verify:

Server returns 5 structured caption blocks in the new format.

Under “Captions & Hooks”, you see each Hook and the combined six-step caption.

Under “Framework”, you see each step broken out exactly.

Hashtags tab still shows strategic hashtags (you can leave that as‐is or tweak separately).

Visuals tab remains untouched.

That’s it—no UI changes beyond parsing the new “Problem → Shift → Now → Takeaway” format. Once Dev AI makes these prompt-and-parsing changes, the Caption Creator will generate longer, on-brand, Sandra-driven captions that actually follow her proven storytelling framework.