The workbook preview and final PDF are still showing fallback summary phrases instead of the full, AI-generated 3–4 sentence implementation plans. Despite updating the AI prompt, the system continues to output:

phase_30: "Story foundation & authentic voice clarity"

phase_60: "Content consistency & voice refinement"

phase_90: "Strategic growth & becoming the go-to expert"

These are NOT the expected full-paragraph versions and are currently appearing in both the preview and downloaded PDF.

✅ FIX REQUIREMENTS:
AI PROMPT FIX (server/workbookAI.ts):

Update the system prompt to explicitly require that each phase returns a full paragraph (min 50+ characters) with 2–3 specific, actionable steps for the user to take.

Example format:

arduino
Kopier
Rediger
"First 30 Days: Begin by documenting your story, highlight key moments of your transformation, and define a new content structure that aligns with your audience's emotional needs..."
Do not allow phrases like "Story foundation" or "Content clarity." These must be full, guided implementation steps.

VALIDATION (server/workbookAI.ts):

Add a content length check after AI returns the data.

If any phase is under 50 characters, abort and show an error:
"Phase content too short. AI returned fallback summary. Please regenerate."

Log the actual content to console.log("AI-generated phase_30", phase_30) etc.

PREVIEW DISPLAY FIX (client/src/components/ModuleWorkbook.tsx):

Ensure the preview section correctly renders the actual phase_30, phase_60, and phase_90 content pulled from the AI payload, not the fallback summary.

Fix any logic still pulling from old implementationPlan or hardcoded data.

PDF PAYLOAD FIX (server/pdfMonkeyGenerator.ts):

Ensure the payload sent to PDFMonkey uses the exact same phase_30, phase_60, phase_90 strings used in the preview.

Remove any hardcoded fallback content or generic summaries.

Log payload sent to PDFMonkey:
console.log("PDF Payload:", payload)

FORM FLOW FIX (client/src/components/ModuleWorkbook.tsx):

Prevent the PDF from generating the moment the user clicks “Generate My Workbook.”

Allow users to review and edit their 5 answers after auto-save, before clicking a final confirm button to trigger workbook generation.

Add a confirm modal or button:
“Your answers have been saved. Ready to generate your personalized workbook?”

🔍 POST-FIX TESTING CHECKLIST:
After implementation, verify the following:

✅ Phase sections in preview and PDF show full detailed implementation plans (not summaries).

✅ AI logs show paragraph-length responses for each phase.

✅ User can see and edit their 5 answers before generation.

✅ No fallback summaries appear anywhere.

Let me know once deployed and I’ll retest! 🖤